I'll come back soon to see you crying if you think this is over.
play play play by play better said of this album is irreversible
because it's the goal
in the hospitals of ulbra da cuiabana
already the defender said
the goalkeeper
throw in the towel
Teixeira
vandinho
the ears or nothing less
you have to kick
what kind of
O
Robinho
interest in physical therapy
the lula government
Thanks
of Myanmar's neighbors
O
the steering wheel serginho
in the river
so the side
- of the year
lolol one of my idols
I'm very well and
adding number
the last robbery
the new year
It is also good
an emergency law
Paulo
It hurt alot
to win hand in hand
the regional lizard in large floodplain
there may even be less than
to enter the area
the box will work the jet is my friend the operation
in the Northeast
eliéser has commented yet on the box of the road
You are my friend.
he is currently
on the 16th of March
because it's no use staying the life that I asked for money this is not the
The way he wants it
as needed
but nobody wanted to come out here
it will be 30 minutes jael
I tried to talk to him
closed from now
but maybe the secretary
Who did not re-register well?
he says luck
the coverages to do
to strengthen its performance
to the prosecutor asked today the company has been acting since day 16
I'll be back little here at the police station.
You can compromise in no way disrupts
It's not funny here.
the state of s
day by day by day
the director of the house may be the third round of the Brazilian
we wanted to play
lol
before new zealand
they can not serve God and the delay of the game
you the
that's what we want is personal
she cries in tears
to pull by the memory must be the goalkeeper ney the goalkeeper Corinthian
the game was open
JosÃ © Mario how long
the commander was in truth
It was because of the lack of invitations you took so long
But let's go in and explain
on the occasion the city
first because the program -
but we go with the best time after the museum 4º
We have a lot to discuss before the captain however this price scenario
right
production is on its way